Brundt the Chieftain: Hello again [brother/sister] [Fremennik name]! I hope your travels have brought you wealth and joy! What compels you to visit me on this day?
<I just came to say hello.
Player: I just came to say hello.
Brundt the Chieftain: Well met, [brother/sister] [Fremennik name]. It is always good to see your face in glorious Rellekka once more!
><Do you have any quests?
Player: Do you have any quests?
Brundt the Chieftain: Not at the moment [Fremennik name]. Rest assured, should your services to the Fremennik be required, I will call upon you.
><Nice hat!
Player: Nice hat!
Brundt the Chieftain: Aye, that it is [brother/sister] [Fremennik name]. Should you desire one of your own, you should go to Skulgrimen's shop and see what they have available!
><Can I hear the history of your people?
Player: Can I hear the history of your people?
Brundt the Chieftain: Why, of course [Fremennik name]! Do not say 'your people' like that, for you are now a Fremennik yourself! What did you want to hear of?
<Tell me of the finding of Koschei
Player: I'm interested in finding out about that mysterious warrior I fought as part of Thorvalds' combat trial. His name is Koschei I believe.
Brundt the Chieftain: Ah... the deathless one... We do not even know if Koschei is his name, when we found him he had no memory, he was simply repeating that single word.
Brundt the Chieftain: Whatever happened to him must have rattled his soul so hard that his memory ran away from him, and he has not yet found it's hiding place.
Player: So how exactly did you find him?
Brundt the Chieftain: Well, it was a raiding party like any other. We had just struck one of the smaller northern islands to harvest supplies by combat, as our laws allow,
Brundt the Chieftain: when we saw a figure in the icey waters. As we were at least a 3 week sail from any port, and saw no other ships nearby, he must have been there some time.
Brundt the Chieftain: We could not leave someone to the cold death of the ocean, even an outerlander, so we fished him aboard. He muttered continually, but his words made no sense.
Brundt the Chieftain: He had no clothes or possessions with him, and seemed to have been burnt somehow before he had landed in the water.
Brundt the Chieftain: I cannot help but wonder what burnt him, for as you may have seen, he is incredibly powerful and resistant to damage by any means I know of!
Brundt the Chieftain: Anyway, we decided to bring him back to Rellekka, for he did not seem of good health or sound mind, and simply repeated the word Koschei over and over.
Brundt the Chieftain: Yrsa tended to him for many weeks, until one day it was as though a new soul had entered his burnt and broken body.
Brundt the Chieftain: He suddenly left her house one day, fully healed, and able to speak to us as though nothing had happened to him.
Brundt the Chieftain: He still had no recollection of how he had come to be in the icey ocean, or of who he was, or where he had come from, but this did not matter to us or him.
Brundt the Chieftain: He took his trials of adulthood, as you did, and has been a boon to our clan ever since. Someday I fear he may regain his memory, and leave us for his past...
Brundt the Chieftain: But I will always respect any decision he decides to make should that day ever come upon us. Until then, he is more than welcome to stay here.
Brundt the Chieftain: So, [Fremennik name]. Was there anything more you wished to hear?
LASTOPTIONS
><Tell me of the lands to the North
Player: I would like to hear of the lands across the ocean to the North.
Brundt the Chieftain: Well, I think the best thing for you would be to go to the docks and ask to join one of our longboats on a journey.
Brundt the Chieftain: My affairs are concentrated mostly on Rellekka, so my knowledge is not great, but I will happily share what I do know with you [Fremennik name].
Brundt the Chieftain: North of this town the atmosphere becomes bitterly cold. There are a number of small inhabited islands that we have sea routes with.
Brundt the Chieftain: The largest of these is possibly Miscellania, although I hear that there has been some recent incident with their monarch, but I don't know the details.
Brundt the Chieftain: There is also of course the island of the moon clan, who change with the tides. They are our bitterest enemies, and we are currently at war with them.
Brundt the Chieftain: They are an evil people, equally cursed and blessed by the magic in their blood. Beyond those islands, there is the large frozen wasteland we call Acheron.
Brundt the Chieftain: It is an inhospitable land, and you will need an agile and sturdy body just to keep alive in it's perils.
Brundt the Chieftain: As I say, my knowledge outside of this town is rather limited, and I know no more than this. Was there anything else you wished to hear tell of?
LASTOPTIONS
><Tell me of the outerlanders
Player: I would like to hear a little of the history between the Fremenniks and the outerlanders.
Brundt the Chieftain: Ah, now that is something I know a great deal about. Believe it or not, all outerlanders were once orginally Fremenniks.
Brundt the Chieftain: When first man came to these lands all were Fremenniks, and followed our ways. We lived a happy life, and never settled in one place for long.
Brundt the Chieftain: We travelled by boat along the coastlines, never taking more from the land than could be regrown by the same time in the following year.
Brundt the Chieftain: However, many moons past, some of our tribesmen were weary of constantly travelling the lands, and decided to build themselves permanent homes.
Brundt the Chieftain: Unfortunately, the other races that had also migrated here did not like this. They waged war against us at every opportunity.
Brundt the Chieftain: We were driven mostly to the coastlines, where we could escape by boat when attacked. Remember, at this time we had no real way to defend against constant attack.
Brundt the Chieftain: Then one day one of our Seers, whose name has been lost in the telling of this tale, discovered a cave full of strange rocks.
Brundt the Chieftain: This rock would never be consumed, no matter how much we took, and sparkled at its peak, and broke off in small and regular sized chunks when mined.
Brundt the Chieftain: Stranger than this, we found that these rocks would become filled with power when taken to certain places across this land!
Brundt the Chieftain: There was a terrible argument in our tribe! Some said that we should take as many of these rocks as we could, and use them in defending against our enemies attacks!
Brundt the Chieftain: Others said that we had found a place that belonged only to the gods, and that should we steal what was not ours we would find only torment and misery.
Brundt the Chieftain: We voted on this, and decided that it was in the best interests of the tribe to leave these strange rocks where they lay, for the gods can be spiteful and cruel,
Brundt the Chieftain: especially to those who do not treat them with the respect they desire. Some of our number refused to accept this ruling by our council however.
Brundt the Chieftain: They began to mine these rocks, and set up transport systems to the various places of power that enchanted them.
Brundt the Chieftain: They even created temples at each of these places! This was going too far! We had no choice, but to expel them from our tribe forever!
Brundt the Chieftain: We turned our backs upon them, and let them know they would never be welcome back to our tribes until they had released themselves from the rocks.
Brundt the Chieftain: This is the tale of how the outerlanders came about; through stealing from the gods, and from betraying our ideals. This is why we show them no trust.
Brundt the Chieftain: Was there something else you wished to hear?
LASTOPTIONS
><Don't tell me anything
Player: Actually, history isn't really my thing.
Brundt the Chieftain: Well let me know should you wish to hear our lore and histories. We value them highly.
>
>