MESSAGE:Do you want to talk about lamps?
<Yes.
Player: Hi, I need fuel for a lamp.
Chemist: Hello there, the fuel you need is lamp oil, do you need help making it?
<Yes please.
Player: Yes please.
Chemist: It's really quite simple. You use the small still in here. It's all set up, so there's no fiddling around with dials...
Chemist: Just put ordinary swamp tar in, and then use a lantern or lamp to get the oil out.
Player: Thanks.
><No thanks.
Player: No thanks.
>
><No.
Player: Hello.
Chemist: Oh.. hello, how's it going?
Player: Good thanks.
Chemist: Good to hear, sorry but I have a few things to do right now.
Player: Well I'd better let you get on then.
><No, I'm more interested in impling jars.
Player: I have a slightly odd question.
Chemist: Jolly good, the odder the better. I like oddities.
Player: Do you know how I might distil a mix of anchovy oil and flowers so that it forms a layer on the inside of a butterfly jar?
Chemist: That is an odd question. I commend you for it. Why would you want to do that?
Player: Apparently, if I can make a jar like this it will be useful for storing implings in.
Chemist: So, do you have any of this fish-and-flower flavoured oil and a butterfly jar then?
HASITEMS:11264:10012
/Player: As it happens, I do.
Chemist: Well then. Hmmm. My lamp oil still may be able to do what you want. Give it a go and see if it works.
Player: Thanks!
/Player: Actually, no.
Chemist: If you go and get them then I may be able to help you. I'm better at coming up with answers if the questions are in my hands.
Chemist: Did you need anything else?
<So how do you make anchovy oil?
Player: So, how do you make anchovy oil?
Chemist: Anchovies are pretty oily fish. I'd have thought you could just grind them up and sieve out the bits. You'd probably want to remove any water first - Cooking should do that pretty well.
LASTOPTIONS
><Do you have a sieve I can use?
Player: Do you have a sieve I can use?
HASITEM:6097
(Chemist: Errm, yes. But you already have one. Two sieves is a bit excessive, don't you think?
(Chemist: Errm, yes. Here, have this one. It's only been used for sieving dead rats out of sewer water.
ITEM:6097
Player: Err, why? Actually, on second thoughts I don't want to know.
Chemist: Well, it should be ideally suited to your task.
Player: Fair enough.
)><I'd better go and get the repellent.
Player: I'd better go and get the repellent.
Chemist: I think so.