<Can you teach me the basics of fishing please?
Player: Can you teach me the basics of fishing please?
Fishing tutor: Ahoy, to fish, you click on the shrimp fishin' spot while ye'r carrying a net.
Player: I see... is that it?
Fishing tutor: There's far more as you progress - not just shrimps. You get more equipment, bigger fish and other things too...
Fishing tutor: When you have a full inventory, you can cook it or take it to the bank. You can find a bank in the courtyard of the castle in Lumbridge and a cookin' range in the castle kitchen.
FIRSTOPTIONS:
><I already know about the basics of fishing, got any tips?
Player: I already know about the basics of fishing, got any tips?
Fishing tutor: Arrr, chose carefully where and what you fish, you can get different fish in different places throughout the land.
Fishing tutor: Make sure you hang on to your fish, don't throw them away as you can get valuable cooking experience from them, gar! Look out for other things too...
FIRSTOPTIONS:
><Any advice for an advanced fisher?
Fishing tutor: Aye, as you get better and better you'll find that you can fish for things like Tuna and Swordfish. These be very good for combat.
Fishing tutor: Of course, after that you will get Shark, and if you venture out onto the Trawler from Port Khazard, you can then get Manta Ray or Sea Turtle, very good eatin' on one of them.
Fishing tutor: You can also use a fishing potion if you can get your hands on one and just need that little edge.. ask someone who is familiar with herblore.
FIRSTOPTIONS:
><Tell me about different fish.
Player: Tell me about different fish.
<Small Net Fish
ITEMDIALOGUE:303:Ahoy, small net fishin' you can do just south of Draynor Village and in these very spots here. Aye.
ITEMDIALOGUE:317:Shrimp and anchovies can be caught with your small fishin' net.
LASTOPTIONS:
><Big Net Fish
ITEMDIALOGUE:305:Aye, you can net yourself some big fish in Catherby, which is a good place to fish for most things, Gar!
ITEMDIALOGUE:353:Mackrel and Cod will form the backbone of your catch when big net fishin'.. except for the added extras...
Fishing tutor: Some rich rewards for big net fishin', make sure you be using a big net fishing spot though...
LASTOPTIONS:
><Rod and Fly Fishing
ITEMDIALOGUE:307:Aye, rod fishin' can be practiced here at these spots, as well as south of Draynor Village and in the Lumbridge river, depending upon your experience. You can get bait at any fishin' shop, there be one in Port Sarim.
ITEMDIALOGUE:349:With a rod you can catch pike, sardines and herring. Good eating on them.
ITEMDIALOGUE:309:The art of fly fishin' can be done in rivers, so the Lumbridge river here would suffice.
ITEMDIALOGUE:331:Aye, you can catch yourself a delicious trout or salmon.
LASTOPTIONS:
><Lobster pot
ITEMDIALOGUE:301:Arrr, Lobster pots can be used from the pier on the island of Karamja.
ITEMDIALOGUE:377:In Lobster pots you can catch lobsters. They're tasty after thems cooked.
Player: Is that all?
LASTOPTIONS:
><Harpoon Fish
ITEMDIALOGUE:311:Arrr, you can also use your harpoon from the pier on the island of Karamja.
TWOITEMDIALOGUE:359:371:With it you can catch Tuna and Swordfish.
ITEMDIALOGUE:383:... and shark.
Fishing tutor: Ahoy, there's also the fishin' guild if ya skilled enough, you can find it south west of Seers' Village.
LASTOPTIONS:
><Tell me about...
FIRSTOPTIONS:
>
><Where and what should I fish?
FISHING_HELP:
><Goodbye.
Player: Goodbye.
>
