2582
Mage of Zamorak: Hello. What do you want?
<Can you tell me more about the Abyss?
Player: Can you tell me more about the Abyss?
Mage of Zamorak: It is a hard place to describe. We often refer to it as another plane, but that isn't quite accurate. If anything, it is more like a plane that sits between all other planes.
Player: Right... And what does it have to do with runecrafting?
Mage of Zamorak: In truth, nothing at all. However, it has everything to do with teleportation. You see, time and space work differently in the Abyss.
Mage of Zamorak: For example, you can travel to the Abyss, walk a few steps and then exit, only to find yourself somewhere completely different from where you entered. You might even find yourself on a different plane.
Mage of Zamorak: You can also enter the Abyss and spend days there, but on your return, only moments have passed.
Mage of Zamorak: This is why the Abyss is so useful. It can be used as an effective hub for teleportation. In fact, all teleportation that we know of uses the Abyss, you just don't realise it.
Player: Wait... So when I teleport, I'm actually travelling through the Abyss?
Mage of Zamorak: In some ways, I suppose you are. Whenever you use a teleport spell, that spell is actually travelling through the Abyss and using it to link two places together.
Player: So did you discover the Abyss?
Mage of Zamorak: No. Knowledge of the Abyss has existed for a long time, hence it being used for teleportation. However, we believe we may be the first to have properly gained access in centuries.
Player: How did you manage it?
Mage of Zamorak: By complete accident. One of our initiates was performing a routine teleportation experiment when something went wrong. Instead of ending up at their destination, they found themselves in the Abyss.
Mage of Zamorak: Now, did you want something else?
FIRSTOPTIONS:
><Can you tell me more about your group?
Player: Can you tell me more about your group?
Mage of Zamorak: I suppose you have proven yourself trustworthy. We are a group of mages in service to Zamorak. Our group is called the Zamorak Magical Institute, or Z.M.I. for short.
Mage of Zamorak: Few actually know of us. Saradominist groups like the Order of Wizards hold sway over these lands, so we are forced to work in the shadows. However, make no mistake, our power far exceeds theirs.
Player: You don't seem to like the Order of Wizards very much.
Mage of Zamorak: And why would we? Did you know that the Order of Wizards wasn't always a Saradominist group? Once they allowed mages of all faiths to study with them, but they became greedy.
Player: What happened?
Mage of Zamorak: They started to desire more control. They banned Zamorakian wizards from certain areas of study, claiming them to be too dangerous. In reality, they just wanted that knowledge for themselves.
Mage of Zamorak: It all went wrong for them, of course. A Zamorakian wizard made a great breakthrough in teleportation magic, but the Saradominists stole his research.
Mage of Zamorak: They used it to perform a ritual, but their lack of understanding caused it to go wrong. The entire Wizards' Tower burnt down. Many were killed, and years of research was destroyed.
Mage of Zamorak: Naturally, they blamed the Zamorakians. Claimed we intentionally burnt the tower down. After the tower was rebuilt, we were banished from the Order of Wizards and forced underground.
Player: And that's how the Z.M.I. was formed?
Mage of Zamorak: Exactly.
Mage of Zamorak: Now, did you want something else?
FIRSTOPTIONS:
><Nothing. I'm just looking around.
Player: Nothing. I'm just looking around.
Mage of Zamorak: Very well.