Trader Crewmember: Can I help you?
<Yes, who are you?
Player: Yes, who are you?
Trader Crewmember: I'm one of Trader Stan's crew; we are all part of the largest fleet of trading and sailing vessels to ever sail the seven seas.
Trader Crewmember: If you want to get to a port in a hurry then you can charter one of our ships to take you there - if the price is right...
Player: So, where exactly can I go with your ships?
Trader Crewmember: We run ships from Port Phasmatys over to Port Tyras, stopping at Port Sarim, Catherby, Brimhaven, Musa Point, the Shipyard and Port Khazard.
Trader Crewmember: We might dock at Mos Le'Harmless once in a while, as well, if you catch my meaning...
Player: Wow, that's a lot of ports. I take it you have some exotic stuff to trade?
Trader Crewmember: We certainly do! We have access to items bought and sold from around the world. Would you like to take a look? Or would you like to charter a ship?
<Yes, let's see what you're trading.
SHOP
><Yes, I would like to charter a ship.
Player: Yes, I would like to charter a ship.
Trader Crewmember: Certainly [sir/madam]. Where would you like to go?
CHARTER:
><Isn't it tricky to sail about in those clothes?
Player: Isn't it tricky to sail about in those clothes?
Trader Crewmember: Tricky? Tricky!
Trader Crewmember: With all due credit, Trader Stan is a great employer, but he insists we wear the latest in high fashion even when sailing.
Trader Crewmember: Do you have even the slightest idea how tricky it is to sail in this stuff?
Trader Crewmember: Some of us tried tearing it and arguing that it was too fragile to wear when on a boat, but he just had it enchanted to re-stitch itself.
Trader Crewmember: It's hard to hate him when we know how much he shells out on this gear, but if I fall overboard because of this getup one more time, I'm going to quit.
Player: Wow, that's kind of harsh.
Trader Crewmember: Anyway, would you like to take a look at our exotic wares from around the world? Or would you like to charter a ship?
LASTOPTIONS
><No thanks.
Player: No thanks.
>
><Yes, I would like to charter a ship.
Player: Yes, I would like to charter a ship.
Trader Crewmember: Certainly [sir/madam]. Where would you like to go?
CHARTER:
><No thanks.
Player: No thanks.
>