HASTALKED:8052
/Player: So you're a wise old man, huh?
Wise Old Man: Less of the 'old' man, if you please!
Wise Old Man: But yes, I suppose you could say that. I prefer to think of myself as a sage.
Player: So what's a sage doing here?
Wise Old Man: I've spent most of my life studying this world in which we live. I've strode through the depths of the deadliest dungeons, roamed the murky jungles of Karamja, meditated on the glories of Saradomin on Entrana,
Wise Old Man: and read some dusty tomes in the Library of Varrock.
Wise Old Man: Now I'm not as young as I used to be, I'm settling here where it's peaceful.
Player: That's quite an exciting life you've had.
Wise Old Man: Exciting? Yes, I suppose so.
Wise Old Man: Now I'm here, perhaps I could offer you the benefit of my experience and wisdom?
Player: Thanks! So you can help me?
Wise Old Man: Well, I imagine you've gathered up quite a lot of stuff on your travels. Things you used for quests a long time ago that you don't need now.
Wise Old Man: If you like, I can look through your bank and see if there's anything you can chuck away.
Wise Old Man: Alternatively, you can bring items here and show them to me. If I see that it's something you don't need, I'll let you know. I might even be willing to buy it.
Player: So you'll help me clear junk out of my bank?
*Wise Old Man: Yes, that's right. Or I'd be happy to chat with you about the wonders of this world!
/Player: I'd like to ask you something.
Wise Old Man: Please do!
<Distant lands
<The Wilderness
Player: Could you tell me about the Wilderness, please?
Wise Old Man: If Entrana is a land dedicated to the glory of Saradomin, the Wilderness is surely the land of Zamorak.
Wise Old Man: It's a dangerous place, where adventurers such as yourself may attack each other, using all their combat skills in the struggle for survival.
Wise Old Man: The Wilderness has different levels. In a low level area, you can only fight adventurers whose combat level is close to yours.
Wise Old Man: But if you venture into the high level areas in the far north, you can be attacked by adventurers who are significantly stronger than you.
Wise Old Man: Of course, you'd be able to attack considerably weaker people too, so it can be worth the risk.
Wise Old Man: If you dare to go to the far north-west of the Wilderness, there's a building called the Mage Arena where you can learn to summon the power of Saradomin himself!
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Misty jungles
Player: What can you tell me about jungles?
Wise Old Man: If it's jungle you want, look no further than the southern regions of Karamja.
Wise Old Man: Once you get south of Brimhaven, the whole island is pretty much covered in exotic trees, creepers and shrubs.
Wise Old Man: There's a small settlement called Tai Bwo Wannai Village in the middle of the island. It's a funny place; the chieftain's an unfriendly chap and his sons are barking mad.
Wise Old Man: Honestly, one of them asked me to stuff a dead monkey with seaweed so he could EAT it!
Player: Yes, I've met them.
Wise Old Man: Further south you'll find Shilo Village. It's been under attack by terrifying zombies in recent months, if my sources are correct.
Player: I've dealt with them, although there are a few still knocking about.
Wise Old Man: The jungle's filled with nasty creatures. There are vicious spiders that you can hardly see before they try to bite your legs off, and great big jungle ogres.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Underground domains
Player: Tell me about what's underground.
Wise Old Man: Oh, the dwarven realms?
Wise Old Man: Yes, there was a time, back in the Fourth Age, when we humans wouldn't have been able to venture underground. That was before we had magic; the dwarves were quite a threat.
Wise Old Man: Still, it's much more friendly now. You can visit the vast dwarven mine if you like; the entrance is on the mountain north of Falador.
Wise Old Man: If you go further west you may be able to visit the dwarven city of Keldagrim. But they were a bit cautious about letting humans in, last time I asked.
Wise Old Man: On the other hand, if you go west of Brimhaven, you'll find a huge underground labyrinth full of giants, demons, dogs and dragons to fight. It's even bigger than the caves under Taverley, although the Taverley
Wise Old Man: dungeon's pretty good for training your combat skills.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Mystical realms
Player: What mystical realms can I visit?
Wise Old Man: Well, you've been to Zanaris. I met a fairy years ago who said she lived there. She was an incredible warrior, considering that she wasn't even a metre tall.
Wise Old Man: Also, in my research I came across ancient references to some kind of Abyss. Demons from the Abyss have already escaped into this land; Saradomin be thanked that they are very rare!
Player: I've been through a portal into the lair of some ancient demon. It was in the city of Uzer.
Wise Old Man: Ah, Uzer. A city much favoured by Saradomin, destroyed by Thammaron, the elder-demon, late in the Third Age.
Player: Yeah, there isn't much left there.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
>
><Strange beasts
<Biggest & Baddest
Player: What's the biggest monster in the world?
Wise Old Man: There's a mighty fire-breathing dragon living underground in the deep Wilderness, known as the King Black Dragon. It's a fearsome beast, with a breath that can poison you, freeze you to the ground or
Wise Old Man: incinerate you where you stand.
Wise Old Man: But even more deadly is the Queen of the Kalphites. As if her giant mandibles of death were not enough, she also throws her spines at her foes with deadly force. She can even cast rudimentary spells.
Wise Old Man: Some dark power must be protecting her, for she can block attacks using prayer just as humans do.
Wise Old Man: Another beast that's worthy of a special mention is the Shaikahan. It dwells in the eastern reaches of Karamja, and is almost impossible to kill except with specially prepared weapons.
Player: Actually, that one's dead. I've been helping a barmy hunter who'd sworn to kill it.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Poison and how to survive it
Player: What does poison do?
Wise Old Man: Many monsters use poison against their foes. If you get poisoned, you will not feel it at the time, but later you will begin to suffer its effects, and your life will drain slowly from you.
Wise Old Man: Over time the effects dwindle to nothing, but if you had already been wounded you might die before they wear off completely.
Wise Old Man: Fortunately, followers of Guthix have devised potions that can cure the poison or even give immunity to it.
Wise Old Man: Should you wish to use poison against your own enemies and those of our Lord Saradomin, there is a potion that you can smear on your daggers, arrows, spears, javelins and throwing knives.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Wealth through slaughter
Player: What monsters drop good items?
Wise Old Man: As a general rule, tougher monsters drop more valuable items. But even a lowly hobgoblin can drop valuable gems; it just does this extremely rarely.
Wise Old Man: If you can persuade the Slayer Masters to train you as a Slayer, you will be able to fight certain monsters that drop valuable items far more often.
Wise Old Man: You might care to invest in an enchanted dragonstone ring. These are said to make a monster drop its most valuable items a little more often.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
>
><Days gone by
<Heroic figures
Player: Tell me about valiant heroes!
Wise Old Man: Ha ha ha... There are plenty of heroes. Always have been, always will be, until the fall of the world.
Wise Old Man: You're quite a noted adventurer yourself!
Wise Old Man: But I suppose I could tell you of a couple...
Wise Old Man: Yes, there was a man called Arrav. No-one knew where he came from, but he was a fearsome fighter, a skillful hunter and a remarkable farmer. He lived in the ancient settlement of Avarrocka, defending it from
Wise Old Man: goblins, until he went forth in search of some strange artefact long desired by the dreaded Mahjarrat.
Wise Old Man: Perhaps some day I shall be able to tell you what became of him.
Wise Old Man: But do not let your head be turned by heroics. Randas was another great man, but he let himself be beguiled into turning to serve Zamorak, and they say he is now a mindless creature deep in the Underground Pass that
Wise Old Man: leads to Isafdar.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><The origin of magic
Player: Where did humans learn to use magic?
Wise Old Man: Ah, that was quite a discovery! It revolutionised our way of life and jolted us into this Fifth Age of the world.
Wise Old Man: They say a traveller in the north discovered the key, although no records state exactly what he found. From this he was able to summon the magic of the four elements, using magic as a tool and a weapon. He and
Wise Old Man: his followers learnt how to bind the power into little stones so that others could use it.
Wise Old Man: in the land south of here they constructed an immense tower where the power could be studied, but followers of Zamorak destroyed it with fire many years ago, and most of the knowledge was lost.
Wise Old Man: I hear you've been very helpful to the wizards who are working on the mysteries of the rune stones.
Player: Well, I didn't do much...
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Settlements
Player: I suppose you'd know about the history of today's cities?
Wise Old Man: Yes, there are fairly good records of the formation of the cities from primitive settlements.
Wise Old Man: In the early part of the Fourth Age, of course, there were no permanent settlements. Tribes wandered the lands, staying where they could until the resources were exhausted.
Wise Old Man: This changed as people learnt to grow crops and breed animals, and now there are very few of the old nomadic tribes. There's at least one tribe roaming between the Troll Stronghold and Rellekka, though.
Player: Yes, I've met them. They're all mad.
Wise Old Man: Truly, their faith in natural spirits is rather foolish, but they're a pleasant enough people.
Wise Old Man: Anyway, what was I saying? Ah, yes...
Wise Old Man: One settlement was Avarrocka, a popular trading centre.
Wise Old Man: In the west, Ardougne gradually formed under the leadership of the Carnillean family, despite the threat of the Mahjarrat warlord Hazeel who dwelt in that area until his downfall.
Player: He'll be back, just you wait!
Wise Old Man: Oh dear, I hope you haven't done anything rash!
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><The Wise Old Man of Draynor Village
Player: Tell me about yourself, old man.
Wise Old Man: Ah, so you want to know about me, eh?
Wise Old Man: Mmm... what could I say about myself? Let's see what I've done...
Wise Old Man: I've delved into the dungeon west of Brimhaven and heard the terrifying CRASH of the steel dragons battling each other for territory.
Wise Old Man: I spent some years on Entrana, where I learnt the techniques of pure meditation.
Wise Old Man: I've wandered through the vast desert that lies south of Al Kharid and seen the great walls of Menaphos and Sophanem.
Player: That feline statue you've got on your bookshelf there - I'm sure I saw something like that when I was in Sophanem.
Wise Old Man: I've always liked to collect little trinkets to remind me of the time when my life was more - ah - exciting.
Player: So you've spoken to the Sphinx, then?
Wise Old Man: Spoken to a sphinx, you say? My dear young lady, you can't possibly be serious!
Player: What do you mean?
Wise Old Man: Ha ha ha! The people who live deep in the shifting sands of the desert will often tell travellers tall tales of strange beasts, but that doesn't mean any of it's remotely true!
Player: But I've met the Sph...
Wise Old Man: Please, adventurer, there is nothing to be gained by interfering in matters you do not understand.
Wise Old Man: Even if such a creature were to exist...
Player: ... which it does...
Wise Old Man: EVEN IF SUCH A CREATURE WERE TO EXIST it would be terribly dangerous for you to get involved in its business.
Wise Old Man: I have heard of terrible things happening to travellers in that land, and I would not wish for you to be dragged into anything like that.
Wise Old Man: Indeed, I have heard of adventurers doing the most shameful and blasphemous deeds believing themselves to be acting on behalf of some false god!
Player: Hmmm?
Wise Old Man: So please do not speak to me of this matter again. Now, I believe I was telling you of my adventurous youth...
Wise Old Man: Apart from all that, I've spent many a happy hour in dusty libraries, searching through ancient scrolls and texts for the wisdom of those who have passed on.
Wise Old Man: Plus plenty of other adventures, quests, journeys... Is there anything else you'd like to know?
FIRSTOPTIONS
>
><Gods and demons
<Three gods?
Player: I heard that Gielinor has three gods.
Wise Old Man: Indeed. This is correct: Saradomin, Guthix and Zamorak.
Wise Old Man: Saradomin, the great and glorious, gives life to this world.
Wise Old Man: Zamorak craves only death and destruction.
Wise Old Man: Guthix, calling itself a god of 'balance', holds no allegiance, but simply aids whatever cause suits its shifting purpose.
Player: So who's Zaros?
Wise Old Man: What did you say?
Player: I discovered a buried altar to a god called Zaros.
Wise Old Man: Please, do not speak further of this. No good can come of meddling in such things.
Player: So Zaros is real?
Wise Old Man: Adventurer, my patience is limited. Speak to me no further of this - this - this foolishness.
Player: Does that mean I shouldn't ask you about the ancient magicks I learnt in that pyramid north of Sophanem?
Wise Old Man: ENOUGH! Begone from me, you foul trickster!
FIRSTOPTIONS
><The wars of the gods
Player: I wanna know about the wars of the gods!
Wise Old Man: Ah, that was a terrible time. The armies of Saradomin fought gloriously against the minions of Zamorak, but many brave warriors and noble cities were overthrown and destroyed utterly.
Wise Old Man: You have visited Uzer, and seen for yourself the damage that could be wrought by an elder-demon in its wrath.
Player: How did it all end?
Wise Old Man: Before the Zamorakian forces could be utterly routed, Lord Saradomin took pity on them and the battle- scarred world, and allowed a truce.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><The Mahjarrat
Player: What are the Mahjarrat?
Wise Old Man: Very little is written about the tribe of the Mahjarrat. They are believed to be from the realm of Freneskae, or Frenaskrae - the spelling in this tongue is only approximate.
Wise Old Man: One of them, the foul Zamorak, has achieved godhood, although none knows how this came about.
Wise Old Man: Other Mahjarrat who have been particularly active upon this plane are Hazeel, Lucien, Azzanadra and Zemouregal.
Player: Hazeel will rise again, you'll see!
Wise Old Man: Adventurer, your actions fill me with concern!
Player: I've defeated Lucien.
Wise Old Man: Truly, your bravery exceeds your stature. But I fear his defeat will not be permanent.
Player: Azzanadra taught me some ancient magical powers after I unlocked the pyramid where he had been trapped.
Wise Old Man: Leave me, traveller; I am old, and your words fill me with horror.
FIRSTOPTIONS
><Wielding the power of the gods
Player: Can I wield the power of Saradomin myself?
Wise Old Man: I see you are already learning to summon the power of Saradomin.
Wise Old Man: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
>
><More...
<Something to do with you...
<Your hat!
Player: I want to ask you about your hat.
Wise Old Man: Why, thank you! I rather like it myself.
<You stole it off that woman in the bank!
Player: You stole it off that woman in the bank! You stole all this valuable stuff too!
Wise Old Man: Stole it? How could you possibly think I did such a thing?
Player: I saw you robbing the bank! You killed all those people!
Wise Old Man: Deary me, [player name], your imagination is running wild! What could make you think you saw me do that?
Player: I've seen a security recording that shows you robbing the bank. The bank's guard showed it to me.
Wise Old Man: You've seen the bank's security recording?
Wise Old Man: Tut tut tut... Oh well, at least you'll never be able to tell the bank about me. They'll never listen.
Player: So you're just going to get away with it?
Wise Old Man: That's my plan, yes.
Player: But that's... well, it's WRONG!
Wise Old Man: Wrong? WRONG? I'll tell you what's wrong!
Wise Old Man: I've spent my whole life travelling the world, doing quests for people, saving lives, saving villages from terrifying monsters and all that sort of thing.
Wise Old Man: Now I'm old, and where do I have to live? In this freezing old house next to a pig-sty, with a bunch of yobs outside who can't keep their hands off the market stalls! What sort of reward is that?
Wise Old Man: So don't talk to me about right and wrong!
Player: Maybe someone SHOULD talk to you about right and wrong...
Wise Old Man: Bah!
Player: Hmmph!
Wise Old Man: Now you've got that off your chest, would you like to ask me about anything else?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><How can I get a hat like that?
Player: How can I get a hat like that?
Wise Old Man: You could buy one off another player, or wait until they're next made available by the Council.
Player: Can I buy your hat?
Wise Old Man: Ohhh no, I don't intend to part with this. Would you like to ask me about something else?
FIRSTOPTIONS
><You should give it back, you know.
Player: You should give it back, you know.
Wise Old Man: No, I think I'll keep it.
Player: But...
Wise Old Man: Now you've got that off your chest, would you like to ask me about anything else?
>
><Your retirement
Player: When we finished fighting those sea trolls, you said you'd finished with adventuring, didn't you?
Wise Old Man: Yes, that's right. I'm an old man, there's no denying it, and I need a nice quiet retirement.
Wise Old Man: Besides, I think you've proved that the new generation has its own heroes and adventurers - I should step back and let you get on with it!
Player: Does this mean you're not going to do any more big robberies?
Wise Old Man: Well, since you saved my life when we were fighting the Sea Troll Queen, I don't mind telling you... I trust you won't tell anyone about this?
Player: Go on...
Wise Old Man: I might just have something in mind. After all, that little bank incident went very smoothly.
Player: But you're retired!
Wise Old Man: I retired from adventuring and questing. The episode in the bank was hardly a quest, more like a shopping trip!
Player: Your shopping trip killed 3 bank staff and several innocent bystanders, not to mention the watchman!
Wise Old Man: I've saved countless villages from unspeakable terrors and slain innumerable evil monsters - surely I deserve some sort of reward in return? Yet what did I get? NOTHING!
Wise Old Man: You yourself would get pretty angry if you did a long and dangerous quest and didn't get any reward from it, eh? I'm sure you would!
Wise Old Man: Well imagine how I felt at the end of a long life of questing when was left penniless, and I had to move into this thief-infested village! This little shack was falling apart when I arrived!
Wise Old Man: You go speak to that hag who keeps looking through my window - she'll show you how it used to look before I could afford to redecorate it!
Wise Old Man: Being noble and virtuous simply doesn't put food on the table, and I don't intend to sit in banks begging like so many people do these days.
Player: So all those quests in the past, when you saved people from monsters and stuff like that... You only helped them because you wanted a reward?
Wise Old Man: No, it wasn't always like that. I used to be satisfied just knowing that I'd helped, and that was reward enough.
Wise Old Man: But eventually I realised that people forgot about me as soon as the danger was gone, and I wasn't even getting paid properly for my services. Sometimes they offered training in the various skills, but that's no use to me!
Wise Old Man: I eventually realised that the only way I could get a proper reward for my life's efforts is if I took the reward myself. So I took up my cape and staff and headed for the bank.
Player: And now you're planning to do another robbery? Didn't you get enough from the bank?
Wise Old Man: Perhaps not... But enough of this matter! Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
FIRSTOPTIONS
>
><Back...
FIRSTOPTIONS
>
>